sony-challenge/sony-brainstorm.md, before:

# Sony Brainstorm
---

## Our Motives/Goal:
- "Build a relationship" with Sony
- Project for our portfolio
- It gets our asses moving
- TBD...

## Ideas:

### "Life" as a Sound Design Controller
Software framework for translating the world into music protocols.
Data in $\rightarrow$ Data Processing Box $\rightarrow$ Music Communication Protocol Out
Particle simulations, Mathematical functions, Chaos generators, etc.
Ex: Group Chat Conversations is saved as a text file and input as an index of numbers that cycles continuously. Once it reaches the Data Processing Box, this data can be used to mutate a plethora of algorithms that will output a piece of data as MIDI CC / OSC / pre-built sound engines.
Ex. A Video Game Mod sends information about various states in the current game (time of day, relative position, player health, currently held item, etc.) into the Data Processing box. This data can be used to mutate a plethora of algorithms that will output a piece of data as MIDI CC / OSC / pre-built sound engines
AI can be implemented in this by interpreting language and guiding the Data Processing Box algorithm into creating something unique.

Similar Ideas:
[Silas' Product Design GitHub Repository](https://github.com/sialboat/product-design-sound-controller)–Game controller that sends HID and MIDI information via USB to a computer so you can sound design by playing video games.
[Silas' Digital Electronics GitHub Repository](https://github.com/sialboat/untitled-gameBasedController)–simple 2D Motion velocity implementation that sends rotation and positional data of a triangle as MIDI CC.

### Music Sharing Platform
Music Streaming platform with auto-watermarking / audio encryption to prevent generative audio scraping.
What if we ran a music distribution service akin to Steam? Will it survive?
Huge incentives to owning music, option to locally store. Show off music owned, highlight favorites, post reviews, trade albums, etc.
Artists can get cleared to sample parts of a song and fairly compensated
Music encryption ensuring that AI won't scrape the file.
AI is implemented in this through watermarking audio files such that it is malicious / adversarial for generative models to train on.

Commit message:

Add dealbreakers to sony-brainstorm.md
Added dealbreakers section to clarify project expectations.

sony-challenge/sony-brainstorm.md, after:

# Sony Brainstorm
---

## Our Motives/Goal:
- "Build a relationship" with Sony
- Project for our portfolio
- It gets our asses moving
- TBD...

## Dealbreakers:
- Are our names on it (credit)?
- Will it become a product (opportunity to build)?

## Ideas:

### "Life" as a Sound Design Controller
Software framework for translating the world into music protocols.
Data in $\rightarrow$ Data Processing Box $\rightarrow$ Music Communication Protocol Out
Particle simulations, Mathematical functions, Chaos generators, etc.
Ex: Group Chat Conversations is saved as a text file and input as an index of numbers that cycles continuously. Once it reaches the Data Processing Box, this data can be used to mutate a plethora of algorithms that will output a piece of data as MIDI CC / OSC / pre-built sound engines.
Ex. A Video Game Mod sends information about various states in the current game (time of day, relative position, player health, currently held item, etc.) into the Data Processing box. This data can be used to mutate a plethora of algorithms that will output a piece of data as MIDI CC / OSC / pre-built sound engines
AI can be implemented in this by interpreting language and guiding the Data Processing Box algorithm into creating something unique.

Similar Ideas:
[Silas' Product Design GitHub Repository](https://github.com/sialboat/product-design-sound-controller)–Game controller that sends HID and MIDI information via USB to a computer so you can sound design by playing video games.
[Silas' Digital Electronics GitHub Repository](https://github.com/sialboat/untitled-gameBasedController)–simple 2D Motion velocity implementation that sends rotation and positional data of a triangle as MIDI CC.

### Music Sharing Platform
Music Streaming platform with auto-watermarking / audio encryption to prevent generative audio scraping.
What if we ran a music distribution service akin to Steam? Will it survive?
Huge incentives to owning music, option to locally store. Show off music owned, highlight favorites, post reviews, trade albums, etc.
Artists can get cleared to sample parts of a song and fairly compensated
Music encryption ensuring that AI won't scrape the file.
AI is implemented in this through watermarking audio files such that it is malicious / adversarial for generative models to train on.
